# HardCase
A collection of files and notes about building a HardCase Cyberdeck for ruggedized environments

This is to document various components and steps I went through to build my own ruggedized portable infrastructure. This is not a terribly practical build but it is modular so feel free to riff on it.

Overview:

The PC is a Raspberry Pi 5 running against a Waveshare UPS hat. The power switch on the UPS hat is wired to the front toggle switch (the one with the switch guard)
The switch guard is positioned to slot into the opening in the keyboard tray, where the cable tucks away and the keyboard cable MUST be removed prior to closing the case if built as pictured.

The pictured version uses the 'tall' version of the floor insert which puts the faceplate closer to the hinge/opening, which is why the above limitations. If you are able to use the shorter floor, it will push the faceplate further into the case which may allow you to close the case with the keyboard cable attached, though I have not verified this. The waveshare UPS is bulky and has some of its ports in inconvenient positions, so I would actually choose a different setup in retrospect. This case makes room for a partially disassembled travel router, a small usb hub (which provides power to the hub, router, and the RAK 4361 Lora kit). 

The floor inserts are supposed to have openings in the rails to allow for zip ties, though the openings appear to be too small at least for the zip ties I had on hand, so I should probably revise that. It does provide good rigidity in those parts though so I am not heartbroken about it. The 'skin' panels are strictly cosmetic, and I used a textured build plate to get a carbon fiber texture on them. The main reason for them is so that I could conceal the seam I had on the main plates as I had to split them in two parts as my printer isn't particularly large. This allows me to split the panels (both main and keyboard) down the middle, and then glue the 'skins' over the top of the seams. It probably provides a tiny bit of extra strength/rigidity as well, but that was a secondary concern. The last piece on each assemply is the retaining clip; I can't find the one I used for the keyboard tray, but its based on the same clip I used for the main panel. I think I just trimmed the flat parts off the bezel in tinkercad leaving just the bevel mostly, as the keyboard tray has much less strain on the panel, since I used heavy duty 3m mounting tape to adhere the panel to the keyboard, and the bottom of the keyboard to the internal face of the lid. M3 screws are inserted perpinduclar to the main panel, pinching the main panel against the floor insert. The display panel uses some tesa/lcd repair tape to adhere it into the recesses of the main panel, but also uses the shroud as a retaining bezel so you aren't relying on just the adhesive. The shroud is the last panel to be installed, and I used m3 button cap screws.
